How many times have we seen this and people will say, Hey,
you know why aren't there more women at the comedy store?
Why aren't there more of this? Why aren't there more of that? Whoops.
Oh yeah. That lady, that lady who said like, where'd he come,
he's only got three spots last month. Explain that like where,
what you're doing is accusing. But if you're actually asking why to,
when he comes on,
I get three spots last month is because Whitney Cummings called in for three
spots last month, she gets every spot she wanted.
She will tell you that if you ask it to her face, she's one of the ones who
you don't get, you don't call in and not get a spot.
There's certain people who get the spots they want. Yeah. So she's one of them.
So the answer is she's busy. She has, yeah, exactly. The answer is sexism there.
Yeah.
Yeah. Well, that's nonsense though,
that that kind of thinking almost always comes from people who suck.
If you look at their art, they're almost always bad.
It's just a fact they want acknowledge it.
And I was talking to Lisa about this recently. It's not new.
It made me realize same thing with Dan cook up big people like, oh,
cause it was good-looking.
And that was a bunch of sucky guys who weren't killing every set like Dane was
sure. And they were going, there must be a reason other than it's on me.
Why I'm not as big as him. So how about the good-looking thing? That's off me.
I have no control over that. Right. And it's really like, dude,
that guy kills 19 times at a 20 and you kill two out of 20. Yeah. Like,
can you possibly say it could be based on that.
But it's the people that are complaining are almost never doing well anyway.
So there's why they complaining. I mean, what what's, what's going, I mean,
you're not going to hear certain people.
You're going to hear bill Burke complaining about other people do show up.
It goes, I mean, black comics who do well, they're all successful.
Hugely you guys, if you're doing well on stage consistently as a black comic,
there's no question. You'll be, you'll be doing, you'll be making doctor money.
He didn't say that. But like.
That's what it is. But if that's what it is. Yeah. Well,
comedy in many ways is very egalitarian in that way.
Yeah.
I mean, you are what you are, you either.
You're really funny or you're not okay.
There's black rooms for black comics was something like,
so I'm in that doesn't relate to certain white audiences.
Like I just can't figure it out, but there's rooms for them.
There's the Mexican rooms where they do half the punchlines in Spanish that
wouldn't play at the comedy store. But it would play in certain audiences.
Diaz used to do Miami. He would do Spanglish.
He would have his punchlines be in Spanish and people would follow the chair
laughing because I understood it.
And if you were a white guy who didn't swear for luck, good luck.
That was another thing. Oh, you're dirty. That's why you're successful.
And it's like, Hey man, just start crushing. And it's, won't be an issue. Yeah.
Well that was a nonsense issue too. Like I don't want to fall someone dirty.
Yeah. Why not? Yeah. Why?
Yeah. But this idea that like I'm not getting a hook as a reason. It's not new.
I just realized this has been going on as a reason to be like off me.
Why I'm not doing well. Yeah.
It does. I think the real sexism, especially for women,
is having to work with a bunch of people that are trying to you all the time.
Especially I think at open mics when you're already ready to quit, anyway,
you're about ready to quit. And now this,
these creeps were around and there's no one to talk to what the across the
coffee shop. They're homeless. I mean, for real.
Yeah. But people line up for open mics.
There's a giant percentage of them that are out of their minds.
So if you're some girl who already feels vulnerable around men to begin with,
because you're smaller and you know, you're a target for this.
Like manager to go talk to him like, Hey, this guy's, can you walk me to my car?
No rules. You sign up. There's 30 other people sign up.
You wait around for your name to be called. If you're lucky,
you get three minutes.
You're still no matter what, five years away from making a dollar. So it's like,
you know what, it. I'm done. If Mary Lynn rice, Cub today gets harassed,
she's not going to quit. It's still making money. Right. You know,
she'll she might not come to the store anymore if nobody does anything about it.
Um, but people would do. So there's a place to go to for like, Hey,
you need to get rid of this guy, this audience member can't come.
And that's just comedy. I mean, with any job.
I think the real issue.
Well also with men, men are stupid. Okay.
If you're working with a man and uh, you're nice that man,
he assumes you want to him because this is how this is evolution.
This is how it worked.
Yeah. We're monkeys my arm. And it's like, oh, you must have liked.
Me. So if a woman is like kind to a guy and get some coffee,
the guy thinks she wants to suck his Dick because he's stupid because this is
how we're programmed. We're programmed to think that women who are nice to us,
if that woman is attractive, she must be sending a signal.
She wants sexual attention.
It can't just be some completely platonic workplace situation.
That's not possible because eight hours a day, when you're working with someone,
you develop feelings and thoughts and ideas about that person.
We're not, we're doing the nasty show at the Montreal. And uh,
there's all these young interns. Um, some of them women and, you know,
young people are cuter than old people. I don't know what to tell you.
I'll stand by. You can be by mail. You want to talk to every magazine.
Um, and you get this idea and you're there a week early from everybody else.
And nasty show starts way earlier. So you pretty much,
you only English speaking show while the French stuff is going on.
And these interns, um, come out and you're like, Ooh, I think I can one of them.
And then it hit me like, oh wait,
there's also a male entrance who also showing up to the shows. And you're like,
oh, they're all just comedy fans.
And I'm reading in these women must be flirting.
Whereas they're coming when they're exhibiting the literally the exact same
behavior as the men who are coming, coming to like,
I want to hang out with the comedian. Yeah. And they might want hookah.
They might not, but I'm putting something on them only because of their gender.
And then it's like, okay, step back. You can't any of these people. Right?
Yeah.
And that's must be what it's like if you're the manager of an office and there's
a cute woman who works for you and a guy who's fat and gross,
and they're both exhibiting the exact same friendly behavior towards you.
You don't assume the fact that I wants to suck your Dick. Right.
And then, and then also it's like, if you can still hook up,
but they have to do all the work. The underlaying has to do all the pushing you,
even.
Though I don't think you can in an office environment.
I think of the underlined keeps pushing. You get push hard. You have to push up.
You can, you can be like, what are you doing this weekend? And everybody like,
I'm going to move. You want to come? Like, I'm sure anybody else want to come?
Like you, you have to like really not push and put them in a position.
Yeah. And there's people going to take advantage of that on both sides. Yeah.
And even on the female side, um, there's a friend of mine who works at vice.
And uh,
he was talking to me about this woman who is making these like really obvious,
um.
Well.
Advances. She was trying to have sex with him. And uh,
he contacted one of the other guys that he works with that is
also there. And he's like, do not her.
Like she is upwardly mobile. Like what she was doing.
She's trying to her way up to the top. She did it to this guy.
And then she called sexual harassment on him after she flirted with him.
And then she.
And then she got.
Some, some advance that she shouldn't have. And um, some,
some nonsense went on, people are political.
Some people are very calculated and some people are sociopaths and they exist
with vaginas. They exist with penises is just, this is part of being a person.
There's some people that are just bad people.
But there's also some women who like power and that's not wrong either.
And so it's like, oh, you're a manager. Right.
It's justifiably makes me want to you a little more. And so that's okay too.
Yeah.
Well there's some women also that like being in power and we hate those women,
but we don't hate the men who like to be in power.
That's a weird thing to like a woman who wants to run where like, Ooh,
this crazy wanting to run everything.
Whereas a guy who wants to run seems totally normal. Yeah.
I will say, it's a bigger wrong, it's like,
what are you most likely want to avoid? You know? And it seems like a bigger,
wrong for someone to have to like, worry about getting,
not just being able to do their job versus uh, oh,
this chick wants to sleep with me. Cause she wants to get ahead. Yeah.
Well that's easy to avoid it's for the guides. There's no physical threat.
There's never a physical threat from the guy. I feel like, well, I got my crabs.
Like, and you could end it anytime you want. It's not the same stuff.
I mean, unless you're like really a mess and you know,
you're just vulnerable psychologically, physically, all the above.
Yeah. You're an aberration. Yeah. Yeah. Yes. I don't know how to correct it,
but like.
We're lucky we don't have to work with people all day, man,
beat people in a office environment that are working around people all
day and people have some weird. And then you go to the company, Christmas party,
and some guy who works with your wife says some creepy to you. Cause you know,
he's been like, he's been coveting your wife behind your back. And you know,
he wants her and you know, he's, he talks about you to her.
And she tells you, and that kind of is so normal, man,
because you think about how many hours are in a day. You have 24 hours in a day.
Eight of them you're sleeping. Okay. So w how much time is commuting?
How much time has work most of your day is at work.
So your life is not with your spouse. You might not hook up with them,
but you're interacting with them. And then.
Yeah. But do you think with people sometimes talk about me too going too far,
but let's talk about for a second, like me too going the right level,
do you think, and we don't work in an office job, so we're just guessing, right?
You think sexual harassments are down now. Okay.
I think men who are creeps are probably a little more.
Cautious.
I remember after them and see a video people all over open mics were calling
each other out on it. Yeah. And then occasionally it was a question of,
it went too far. We were like, you stole that joke from him. It's like, dude,
we both talked about the same movie. Right.
You're trying to write me off my whole career off because I talked about, uh,
you know, whatever dances with wolves. And so were you,
but your thing was about the native Americans. Your thing was about the
co you know, the, the dog they had.
And so I'm sure it went too far here or there, but it was nice where it, like,
it was no longer acceptable to steal jokes. Yes.
And it wasn't just something we're going to tolerate. Right.
It's gotta be like that too. With this me too stuff.
It's no longer acceptable that patent.
And you can be like bored or just wanting to an everyone else.
Even the guy's like, dude. No.
I couldn't imagine being a man where rather the opposite.
I couldn't imagine being a woman,
working for a man who wanted to me and me getting a,
raise,
me getting some sort of a upward movement in my career as dependent
upon this person, making a decision. And this person's always trying to me. Oh,
that'd be disgusting.
And that's what a lot of women have to deal with all day long.
And that's only one step of it. How about the bill Cosby step? How about you?
Can't leave your drink alone. You can't leave your drink.
That's a reality with a lot of women. That's not a reality with you or me,
but always trying to rape us. I mean,
there's a lot of that women have to think about that.
We don't have to think about a lot, many, many, many, many, many, many men.
Yeah. It is interesting. This now is all coming up. Like what,
how many of you had something. It's worse than I thought a of it too.
Cause like, you just want to believe the best in the world and people.
And so when you're like this, you're like, no, that can't happen that much.
It's not like, you're the problem. You're not doing it.
You just don't want to believe. That's so removed.
Probably some kid can get chopped up by some, you know, some monster, right?
Like, no, right. Yeah. We're removed from, we don't see it as much.
It's not directed us. Right.
I live in up worlds, man. Our world is everybody smokes pot.
Almost everybody drinks. You know, everybody's a deviant.
Everybody is impossible for them to have a regular job.
Every single one of us that's successful as a comic.
It's virtually impossible for any of us to have ever existed in an
office environment and survived. Yeah. We're too up,
but we're perfect for comedy. You know what I mean? So like us,
us talking about office politics and office environments.
Idea. Really.
What it is. That's why I think it's funny when people say like talking about,
I don't know, Louis or something where it's like, it was a comedy festival.
So it was, it was at their job and it's like, oh no, no, no, not,
you just don't understand what comedy is. Safety issue. If it was a workplace,
then, then, then you would have to say like, by the way,
actually do people do Coke at the workplace.
We're no job people actually consensually during work. Yeah,
because that happens to a lot of pot smoking at our workplace.
It's not, it's not.
It's not workplace has a designated pot-smoking place.
And now where are we are here.
In the green room? You can't with anybody, but you can, you can smoke. Yeah.
It's not a, it's not a workplace.
It's not, well, it's.
Just, you should still have the rights to safety, but it ain't a workplace.
Well, and you should, it's all like, here's the thing.
Like say if you're Tom and Christina, you're married together.
Yeah. You could in the green room,
lock the door and who's going to stop you so you could at the workplace. Yeah.
Yeah. You could. That's not an issue.
That people the Greenville all the time, this girl's coming in, but you can't.
If you know,
you're the manager and she's a secretary and you pull her into your office,
you get fired for that. Even if it's your wife, you're not allowed to do that.
Real work. You can't at work. at work. When we're kids, fans, I got fired.
He goes, is that not allowed? What did he do at work? the mate.
And then they were like, we caught you on camera. He goes, oh, well I did.
Was that a problem? I didn't realize trying to lie his way out of it.